Come join us and become a champion with GAINSCO!

GAINSCO is one of the fastest-growing companies in the nonstandard personal automobile market! By joining GAINSCO, you will become part of a dynamic and growing organization that was recognized as one of the Top Workplaces in Dallas and Miami. In 2018, GAINSCO has been recognized for the third time by The Dallas Morning News in its annual Top 100 Places to Work survey. Additionally, GAINSCO was recognized as a Workplace Achiever, one of the Top 150 companies in the Dallas-Fort Worth area.

Our culture attracts engaged individuals who have a desire to contribute and succeed. We encourage individuals to grow their skills as they build their careers.

Essential Job Functions:

% of Time

Results Expected and Duties Performed

40%

Extract and transform both internal and external data to be used in various analysis Serve as subject matter expert on reports and analysis.

30%


Effectively understand the business problems, and be able to communicate findings to ensure analysis are well understood and incorporated into business practices Establish and publish core, and ad hoc, reporting to be used to convey various performance metrics Identify and solve complex problems by collecting and analyzing statistical, financial, and/or competitive information (including internal and external data), to help make critical business decisions Determine the best data visualization to be used to turn information into insights

30%


Design and maintain monitoring reports.

Job Requirements:


Education: Bachelors degree, with preference given to MIS, IT, Data Science, Actuarial Science, Finance, Statistics, Mathematics, or a related field of study

Experience: 1 or more years of experience as a Data Analyst, preferably with personal auto insurance

Skills and Abilities: Strong computer skills including the ability to manage and manipulate data in Excel and programming knowledge such as SAS and/or SQL Compensation: Competitive salary based on experience. Excellent benefits package: medical, dental, vision insurance, life insurance, short term and long term disability insurance, Parental Leave Policy, 401K, Paid Vacation and Holidays.
